Assignement 1A:
Commands description
Syntax of all commands
Options related to commands(atleast 3)
echo, ls, read, cat, touch, test, loops, arithmetic comparison, conditional loops, grep, sed etc.

Assignment 1B:
What is shell scripting?
What are different types of shell?
What is the use of shell scripting?
How to run code of shell scripting?
Assignment 2:
What is system call?
What is fork system call?
What are the return values of fork?
What is pid?
What is ppid?
How to get the values of pid and ppid? (getpid, getppid)
What is wait system call?
What is execve system call?
How to create orphan and zombie state using wait system call?
Assignment 3:
What is waiting time?
What is turnaround time?
What is Burst time?
What is arrival time?
What is the formula for waiting time?
What is the formula for turnaround  time?
What are other scheduling algorithm?
What are the criteria of SJF?
What is the criteria for RR?
Assignment 4:
What is producer consumer/reader writer problem?
What is up and down code?
What is pseudo code for producer consumer/Reader writer problem?
What is critical section?
What is mutual exclusion?
What is pseudo code for producer consumer / reader writer problem using sempahore?
Difference between producer and consumer/ reader writer?
What is process synchronization?

Assignment No 5:
What is deadlock?
What are the necessary conditions for deadlock?
What is the use of bankers’ algorithm?
What are the Strategies to deal with deadlock? (Prevention, Avoidance, Detection and Recovery)
How bankers algorithm avoid deadlock?
What is need matrix, allocation matrix and maximum matrix?
Steps to solve the problem of banker algorithm?
Assignment No 6:
What is virtual memory?
What is physical and logical address?
What is page?
What is frames?
Mapping of addresses?
What is the concept of paging?
What are the page replacement policies?
What is page fault?
What is page hit?
Concept of LRU, Optimal and FIFO in detail.
Difference between paging and segmentation.
Assignment no 7:
What is Interprocess communication?
What is cooperating processes?
What are the two ways of interprocess communication (Message passing and shared memory)?
What is Message passing? Explain in detail
What is Shared memory? Explain in detail.
What is pipes?
Which functions are used to create pipes?
Which functions are used to create shared memory?
Assignment No 8:
What is seek time?
What is the use of SSTF, SCAN and C-LOOK?
What is disk scheduling?
What is head?
What are three factors that determine that determine disk arm scheduling algorithm?(Seek time, rotational delay, actual data transfer time)
Working of SSTF, SCAN and C-LOOK.


